Add HTTP Archive entry to In the Wild page (#1267)
sqlfluff/sqlfluff: docs/source/inthewild.rst

  - Reduced burden on Analytics Engineers to remember every single style rule.
  - New Analytics Engineers can quickly see and learn what "good SQL" looks
    like at Surfline and start writing it from day 1.

> - The `HTTP Archive <https://httparchive.org>` uses SQL Fluff to automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `HTTP Archive <https://httparchive.org>` uses SQLFluff to automatically
```

Author: Thanks - fixed!

  check for quality and consistency of code submitted by the many contributors
  to this project. In particular our annual `Web Almanac <https://almanac.httparchive.org>`
  attracts hundreds of volunteers to help analyse our BigQuery dataset and
  being able automatically lint Pull Requests through GitHub Actions is a

>   fantastic way to help us maintain repositary of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  fantastic way to help us maintain a repository of
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/sqlfluff/sqlfluff/pull/1267/commits/2836ce26d061bb79c1f805babc54fb9cecf24eae (note: slightly different than your suggestion).
